Direction of the project.

Its really easy to write a gateway (1 week). Problem: forwarding APRS to the correct node in the network (when going the other way). There might be legal requirements to this so have to ask Leonardo.

The project would lean to edge node way routing.

Tracking.

Nodes are expensive so not always the best solution. £25 per node so cant buy one for every small thing you want to track (like sheep on a farm).

Map display is the default from APRS.

Requirements to the simulation improvements to test the routing out.

Meshtastic doesn't always do the managed part of managed flooding. Discreet simulator works as expected.

To achieve nodes, weaker nodes need to rely on the stronger computational of stronger nodes.

Focus on if nodes fail in the middle of routing.

Router repeaters nodes take priority anyways. (they ignore the managed part of it).

Router is determined by a switch by the user. So if user makes a mistake, it floods the system with useless information. So you should only do it if you know your node is the best.

Super flood (aggressive routing algorithm).

How easy it is to store data on nodes? Should be straight forward, there is a database anyways.

Remove nodes self registered as routers/repeators.

Next time:

Design the algorithms more, formulate it and code it simply. Pass it to simulation

Adapt simulation to allow for APRS and adapt to allow the routing algos to integrate with it.

Design and plan how to do the gateways, what libraries, language.

Ideas:

Procedurally generating example networks in a he simulator that are reasonable. Run both meshtastic and improved on it.